Morning guys, im OOO all day at a conference, so won't be available, if there's anything urgent i'm gonna charge my work phone ( lol ) so give me a text or a call


I apologise for being MIA for a little while - Mising in aciton
from my POV it does not make sense. 

WE NAILED THE SHOW !

excuse my typo.... there is a lag on my skype

 Apologies

Seconded 
To make a formal statement of support for a suggestion made by someone else during a meeting so that there can be a discussion or vote

https://iclass.eccouncil.org/my-account/

tuppenance worth

I got waylaid in a meeting


cheapskate - Urban Dictionary
https://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=cheapskate
A stingey person. Somebody who buys cheap in favour of higher quality or better stuff


 I've just got a new version of visual studio installed so just working through some teething issues to get everything working.

IMHO-in my humble opinion



Always happy to help

I’ve only been working directly with you for the past 3 months but already had heard many good things from Chris and Ian F in advance of that, you’re knowledge of IDaaS is quite unique, from your time on the support team working with Chris and Ann to diagnose and resolve issues in the more unusual areas gives you a unique perspective on issues. Over the past quarter though I’ve been working much more closely with you and I’ve been able to see your great attitude and skills first hand, you’ve always been willing to step up for anything that needs doing and you’ve stepped into the team smoothly despite having to also learn dotnet core at the same time. On that note, your technical skills have been shown over the past quarter, producing great quality work helping to get the unit test coverage up above 90% and ensuring no errors or warning in our code which helps us to be in a stronger position going forward, on top of this you are great at coming back with not only concerns and issues but solutions to them as well.

Regarding improvements, I’d like to see you more involved in our meetings, as mentioned your knowledge of IDaaS is great, and you ability to identify solutions to problems is proven, so I’d like to hear more of your thoughts in meetings we have.

Overall, You’ve made a great impression on many of the people you’ve worked with and I look forward to working with you more in the future

Hi Riyas,

Here is my feedback for you,

Riyas is technically competent and has got good understanding of the IDaaS product. The spike investigations done by Riyas are commendable. He took the initiative to produce a technical document on the ‘KBV functionality’ that has been very useful. The ‘KBV functionality’ is one of the most complex areas of code within IDaaS and Riyas was able to analyse the code and recommend amendments based on the business requirements.  His hard work has been recognised and appreciated by everyone in the team including all the onshore Dev Leads. 

Riyas isn’t fazed by workload and is always willing to help his colleagues wherever he can. He has good communication skills and I found him asking relevant questions to clarify business or technical requirements during the backlog refinement sessions. 

I haven't found Riyas lacking in ability to perform any avenue of the tasks assigned to him. If Riyas wishes to develop his mentoring/leadership skills, I think Riyas will be very good at supporting junior members in the team. It’s a pleasure working with Riyas and I wish him all the success in future 😊.



